Now let's move on to the next exercise and what we're
going to do here is now look at the data request capability,
and we're going to change the fetch flight status function.
Let's go look at the code first.
So this is the function that actually does the work
of informing the Oracle what they need to do.
So the first thing that we need to do here is we want to replace
the hard-coded index we have here with a random index based on the calling account.
What is the purpose of this?
If you recollect we said that every time
there's a request made for fetching flight status,
we would generate one independent index that determines which Oracles respond.
So that's the purpose of generating that here and then what we want to do is we want to
notify the Oracles that the job of fetching the fight status has been assigned.